### Provisional verdict: Don't do it Anakin, 18.04 has the higher ground. Wish LTS was longer.


This son of a gun caused me ton on problems since the regretful day i dared to try it. 

Dont understand why they bother to release this pile of bug into production. 

In a perfect utopia, you would be jailed for releasing such buggy OS.

Reasons for upgrade:
- Dark UI, im lovin' it.
- More extensible night light stuff
- Package manager was giving warnings about LTS was about to come to an end.
- Had to do it to em tho.

#### Problems i encountered:
- Upgrade to 20.04 from 18.04 was crazy difficult, took me hours of terminal work to prepare and start it.
- Upgrade broke the system to kingdom come, whole ubuntu-desktop went to trash.
- Plot twist: it also broke package-management-system, therefore i just cannot even install simplest packages. 
- Had to save my whole env using good ol "cp" command.
- Fresh install was inevitable.

- The whole "Settings" went missing several times, what ? Had to install ubuntu-desktop again. This one is hella funny.
- ~~"afp://" protocol doesn't even work anymore, whole NAS bookmarks went down the drain. Had to stick with stinky "smb://"~~ 
//My god it just started to work outta nowhere, hope it stays that way.
- Right-click (context-menu) on usb-drive using Nautilus File manager, clicking format option doesn't do anything. 
- Cannot rename usb drive for some reason.
- GNOME menu and UI locks down for whatever reason. Solution: Alt+F2 and type "r" enter. Still bugs me off.
- There is something wrong with modified date of files. It is just plain daft that when you copy some file from an external point, it keeps the original modified date. E.g copy file that was originally created/changed back in 2007. When you copy it to local, it still says modified 2007. Like... Hello ? You didn't even exist back then. Or I'm just approching this scenario from the *rear*
