Damn... Should've started this list soo much earlier. Now how the hell am I supposed to callback all those great movies. 

- The Sword of Doom (has some crazy scowls. basically it's about an evil samurai)
- China syndrome (Reactor control room scene is really good)
- Wargames
- men of honor (navy diver, De Niro)
- Requiem for a Dream (a bit emotional, meh)
- dog day afternoon (1975) (not bad, some scenes are fun)
- prey (predator 5) (so mediocre.)
- grave of the fireflies (hotaru no haka) (pretty good, bitter)
- crouching tiger, hidden dragon (great, kinda dull in some scenes. It's very similar to the movie "Hero")
- the island (meh it's ok nothing extraordinary. First 45 min is nice and interesting. 1/3 is sci-fi, 2/3 is classic action movie)
- soylent green (magnificent, especially the ending. Doesn't feel like a far future)
- surrogates (meta. Meh not so good)
- the running man (low quality, a bit boring)
- raid 1 (nice action movie, some really unnecessary details are present. Like dude you are an action movie, don't try too hard to have a plot. Close to gun-fu)
- sin city (incredible. Such artistic scenes and delivery. Fun and quality packed punch. Would recommend, probably will watch again. )
- Lethal Weapon (decent action movie from 80s. A bit dumb writing at times and strong plot armor but good representation of classic 80s action)
- Angel Heart (so thematic. I found it pretty close to 'Apocalypse Now' in some sense. I think it's a mix of 'Apocalypse Now' and 'Devils advocate' movies)
- Cobra (Meh, it's alright. Kinda dumb, like someone overdosed the movie with "80s action pack" but turned it to eleven. Usual stereotypical 80s action, has all the elements)
- red heat (1988) (lame. Arnold Schwarzenegger as russian cop)
- Beverly hills cop (1984) (Eddie Murphy. Ordinary police-action-comedy. Jonathan banks ? Whaaaaat ?? It's alright, watchable. Family friendly except a few scenes)
- one hour photo (2002) (It's alright, some scenes are stretched to dread and could be boring. Rather realistic slightly psycho movie. Robin Williams. Photo printer)
- Animatrix (Not good, only one or two stories are worth watching.)
- marathon man (It's OK, some scenes and elaborations are just too unnecessary, it doesn't even contribute to the story. Not an exceptional movie. Dustin Hoffman)
- Howl's Moving Castle (Magnificient, a classic from Hayao Miyazaki)
- Good Time (Alright movie, doesn't require your strict attention. Contains some decent comedy. Drug, theft... vice spree. Actually it is like crime speedrun)
- a single man (Suicidal homosexual man, psychological movie. Decent, not incredible. Focuses too damn much on romance and affairs.)
- The Rock (1996) (Ordinary action movie, some famous actors though. Nothing fancy. Island, alcatraz, marines go rogue, main characters go in and brrr. Nicolas Cage)
- Imperium (2016) (Undercover cop, supremacists and fascists. It's like bootleg version of American History X. It's not a must-watch, it's ok)
- All quiet on the western front (2022) (A realistic WW1 movie, visuals are great. Focuses on harsh realities of war, incompetent and corrupt rulers and brutalities of war. Not as good as the movie '1917' but still somewhat good)
- raid 2 (such try-hard for a story. Bro you're just some braindead action movie just do your thing. Other than that it's ok. Not as good as the first one.)
- Empire Records (Vinyl store, group of teens working as clerk. I usually hate musicals maybe it is the reason but I really found it wexing. Unreasonable character developments, so many loop-holes in the story, unnecessary dialogues. Wouldn't really recommend. It could be that I just didn't understand it.)
- House of Flying Daggers (2004) (Some sort of emotional movie. Some scenes resembles of the movie 'Hero'. Love is the main theme. Found it boring. Dunno wasn't so appealing to me. Plot was sligtly hard to grasp.)
- platoon (1986) (war movie, war crimes, Vietnam, some famous actors. good movie, don't be fooled by the dullness of the first 30 min)
- Crank 1 and 2 (classic 2000s action movie, enjoyable and fun. wish there was a third. Concept is interesting)
- Mongol (2007) (Genghis Khan, story is well explained. Some mystic elements is in place. Can be slightly boring though, nonetheless decent movie)
- sphere (1998) (watched it so many times during childhood. Soundtracks are great, plot is intriguing, characters and acting sucks balls (Even though some great actors are present ???), scene props were horrible. It's ok. Good time killer. Sci-fi movie.)
- virus (1999) (Some entity is beamed down from the satellite, which just learns and upgrades itself, aims to destroy humans. Bootleg popcorn movie. Only the plot/story was fancy for a bit then became straight up boring. Just not good. Food movie)
- Screamers (1995) (Some kind of AI keeps learning and improves itself. Subterran, burrowing, flying-blade, screaming-arse, non-logical creatures. At some point it tries to resemble the movie 'Thing' but ofc not even close. Main actor tried hard to carry it but the cast was a bit too heavy for that. Interesting story though. It's ok.)
- Once upon a time in west (1968) (Railroad, wild west. Cast and acting is great. But damn is it slow, it is soo far stretched. Contains usual scowls. Good but kinda boring) 
- Malcolm X (1992) (Strong political movie, biography, civil rights, 1960s period. Scenes just cut abruptly, I don't get it. Good movie, some memorable scenes for sure. Denzel played it great.)
- Django (1966) (Great western movie. Drifting a coffing on his back. One of a few occurrences of minigun/gatling gun in western movies. Mexicans, confederate soldiers. Heist.)
- mimic (1997) (Cockroach infestation, adaptation, massive cockroaches, sewers. Didn't enjoy it much, insignificant movie.)
- Blue Max (1966) (WW1 ace pilot, blue max ribbon, dogfight, unprecedented swagger of pilots, politics, sad ending. Good movie. Interactions between characters are hard to wrap your head around.)
- There will Be Blood (2007) (drilling, pumping oil, wild westish era, blinded by determination. Good movie.)
- Over The Top (Trucker dad, navy seal son, arm wrestling, and more 18 wheelers. Decent movie about family values and father-son relationships. Sylvester Stallone carried the movie.)
- Death Race (2008) (Low-tier shite action movie. Jason Statham. Prison, car race to death in order to win freedom. Watch it for the fun, some scenes are just awful hilarious.)
- omega man (1971) (Post-apocalyptic. Night people, mysterious disease, anti-techno society, cool-ass vampire lookin' people. This movie is the source of inspiration on the movie "I Am Legend (2007)". Masculine theme is strong similar to it's era. Great movie, plot kinda sucks but still nice.)
- An Officer and a Gentleman (1982) (Military movie. Some guy joins the army, hard training, drill instructor, loses friend to suicide, deceiving relationships. Good movie.)
- Boyz ’N The Hood (1991) (Hood, ghetto, community, crime, felony, drive-by shooting, teaching son to be a man. Ok movie, except for a few subtle messages it's dull.)
- inferno (2016) (dante's inferno, amnesia, WHO, puzzle solving. It feels like a boring action movie. It's ok but you won't be missing much if you don't watch it.)
- Titan AE (2000) (Classic children animated movie. Decent animations for it's time, but CGIs suck. Protagonist has a map imprinted on his hand (by ring). Great film to watch with family, suggested especially for younglings.)
- Treasure Planet (2002) (Animated kids movie, but adults can watch as well. Has some fantastic characters with depth. Voice acting and body languages are impressive. Fun to watch.)
- Do the Right Thing (1989) (Interesting movie regarding racial issues, ghettos, empathy. Pizzaria, Italians, Asians, Afro-americans. Fun movie.)
- The Day of the Jackal (1973) (Pretty good. Basically a cat-mouse game between detective and an assasin. France, forged identity, assasination plot, know-how.)
- Swordfish (2001) (John Travolta, Hugh Jackman. Heist, infamous hacker, hacking, corruption. Finally a movie where antoganist wins, damn. Plot twist is strong. Good movie. Even though hacking scenes were so far fetched, I enjoyed it.) 
- Avatar: The Way of Water (2022) (Meh, it's alright. Visuals are great.)
- Army of darkness (1992) (Famous "boom stick" scene is from this movie. Time travel, medieval, shotgun, skeletons, necromancers... Not a 'must watch', meh. It's good as a meal movie or watch-with-friends movie though. Fun elements are always present but quite forced imo)
- Turkey shoot (1982) (A classical hyper-violence movie. R@p3, murder, manslaughter, it's all there. Basically a dystopian future where divergent people are sent to camps for re-education camps. Then the elite arrive occasionally to hunt the prisoners in a hunting game. Fun movie.)
- Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves (2023) (Fun movie with DnD theme, duh. It's good, visuals are nice. CGI is a bit too much but whatever. Not bad at all.)
- Sicario (2015) (Glorified drug bust action movie IMHO, I don't really see the point what makes it a good movie. Meh, decent action, actors did a real good job though. Cartel, drug, three letter boys, corruption, vengance. Mediocre.)
- margin call (2011) (Fire scale scene that lasts 10-15 min is good, rest is insignificant. Good movie. Every boss, manager, leader should watch. Tough decisions, firing people, company bankrupting, corporate culture, mega-corp.)
- jarhead (2005) (Army movie. It's okay. Decent food movie.)
- The talented Mr. Ripley (1999) (Magnificent, Magnificient!.. Manipulation, impersonation, identity theft, crime spree, homosexuality, forgery, Italy, America. Great actors, great acting, great story. )
- Nocturnal Animals (2016) (Glorified messy divorce movie. Guy writes a book about; a man and his family is harassed, then all except husband is m*rdered. Revenge story. Ending is debatable, not clear. Great acting though and characters though. It's ok.)
- The Northman (2022) (Great one. A lot of folklore, symbolism, shamanism is inplace. Psychological at certain scenes. At times it reminded me of Lighthouse(2019). Vengeance, revenge, nordic, vikings, medieval.)
- Mr Brooks (2007) (Psycho, alter ego, businessman in the day murderer by night. Some details were really unnecessary, it wouldn't affect the movie slightest if we cut like 15-20 min of scenes. It's decent.)
- The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (2003) (With this story and actors, it could've been so much better. Sean Connery tried to lift the movie's quality but it was so heavy. Group of gifted people, hunting a arms-dealer which'll start world war. Incredibly bland, boring and predictable. Meh.)
- Gone girl (2014) (Psycho woman, pyschopathy, scheming, faking death/kidnapping, framing with murder. It's alright, kinda interesting. But rather predictable.)
- Machinist (2004) (It's been so long since i watched this. Insomnia, schizophrenia. Really good movie, must watch I would say.)
- Bronson (2008) (Bri'ish. Boxer, asylum, prison life, sociopath. Narrative. Decent, interesting. )
- Seven Psychopaths (2012) (Basically a guy writing a story book about seven psychos. Comedy-oriented. Famous actors present. It's meh)
- Violence Jack (1990) (So uhhh... Hyper-violence galore. Anime with 3 episodes. A lot of no-no's present: r*pe, murder, torture, manslaughter, gang-violence, looting. It's pretty good. Be careful, it is extremely obscene and nasty. Best one is Hell City - Evil Town. )
- Fugitive (1993) (A doctor accused of murdering his wife, on the run to prove them wrong. It's OK, nothing special)
- The Gentlemen (2019) (Great narrative. Some scenes reminded me of 'Snatch' and 'Lock stock and two smoking barrels'. Drug lord, high-end deals, schemes, more schemes and some comedy. Decent movie.)
- Gangs of New York(2002) (1800s New York, gangs, crime, syndicate, army draft, gang wars. Some well-known actors are present. Didn't like it whole a lot. It's rather weak.)
- Coherence (2013) (Pretty good mind-twist, barely sci-fi. A comment passes and the whole neighborhood is now co-existing with their parallels from alternate realities. Good movie.)
- Primer (2004) (My expectations were really high for this one, since many people suggested it. It was a giant flop and a let-down. First 30-45min are fine and all technical, but after that some new plot unravels and confuses the sh*t out of you, I didn't grasp the whole thing to be honest. Most of the time i was lost. Maybe I'll give it another try later. Extremely boring. Not good.)
- American Assasin (2017) (Truly a terrible movie. "GF gets killed by baddies, imma bulk up, imma be mad, imma be vengeful, imma kill baddies". Even acting sucks. There are one or two well-known actors but even they couldn't carry this clusterf*ck. Don't waste your time.)
- The Bothersome Man (2006) (Main idea is decent. Execution and atmosphere is subpar. Ending is terrible. Meh movie.)
- Collateral (2004) (Classic 2000s action movie. Nothing exceptional. Food movie.)
- Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World (2003) (Navy, Napoleon era, seamen, naval wars, commandship. Good movie about leadership and hard choices. Nice one)
- Equalizer 3 (2023) (Full of cliche. Plot is lame. Action scenes are decent. Couldn't hold a damn candle to it's predecessors. Generic action movie about a vigilante.)
- The Ninth Gate (1999) (Kingdom of Shadows book, aka Ninth Gate. Book collector. Theological stuff. Johnny Depp. Achieving great power through rituals. Satanism. It's ok)
- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (2005) (Terrible, couldn't wait for it to end. Really lame comedy.)
- Deathstalker (1983) (Good ol' 70s/80s action RPG hero centric, hyperviolence filled, nuditity containing movie. Pretty bad. Three artifact of power: sword, amulet, chalice. Villain, hero, usual drill.)
- Heat (1995) (De Niro, Al Pacino. Affair, heist, bank heist, incredible action scenes, determination. Great movie.)
- Ghost in the shell (1995) (Neo Tokyo, Noir, dystopia, cyberpunk. Identity crisis, AI. It's a classic.)
- Cell (2000) (Jennifer Lopez, trauma, psychology, subconcious, psycho, dreams and nightmares, shared subconcious. Good one but not great for sure)
- Batman Begins (2005) (It's ok. Scarecrow, ra's al ghul, first Batman)
- born on the fourth of july (1989) (Army veteran abandoned by the government, classic. Patriot turning lib and abandoning his old ideals. War movie. Anti-gov movie.)
- The Conversation (1974) (Paranoia. Wire-tapping, listening phones and conversations. Early signal processing and audio engineering. Raising awareness on infosec.)
- Ben-Hur (1959) (Jesus of Nazareth, Judah Ben-hur, Judaism, Jerusalem, Roman Empire, vengance, redemption. Pretty good, boring at times. Some spiritual themes are just a bit too forced.)
- Thor: Love and Thunder (2022) (Un-memorable, easily forgotten. Only shadow realm sequence is aight. Only watched it for Christian Bale, which was the only one that did a decent job. Whole story, plot, CGI and animations are terrible. Food movie) 
- Good Burger (1997) (Burger place, competition, secret sauce, kids movie, bunch of fools. Its a kids movie. Incredibly stupid and boring. Hard skip.)
- Saturday Night Fever (1977) (Dance-off, 70s Disco, Italian-american life, suburbs, low-life lifestyle, love, drama, Travolta. Decent movie, Travolta was alright. Why is it such a emotion rollercoaster, kinda depressing actually. Ending was weird. Yeah it is depressing. Incredible dance moves tho. Decent.)
- guardians of the galaxy vol 3 (2023) (Heavily focused on emotional side, but kinda fails to deliver it. So many forced jokes, so many plotholes that have no contribution to the story. You may easily cut 30-40 min content and story would stay identical. It's a generic action movie. But good as a binge eating movie.)
- The Crow (1994) (A guy and his gf gets killed by intruders, through sheer vengance and a crow he is resurrected with special ability of super healing. Decent movie.)
- Dune (1984) (Dune, spice, arrakis, atredies, baron harkonnen, paul atredies. I mean cmon its dune alright. So many fantastic aspects compared to the remake. But symbolism is incredible in this one, I would easily prefer some scenes from this to the remake. Unfortunately, sfx didn't held up at all.)
- The Flash (2023) (flash, batman, time travel, and even more time travel. Terrible. Just really really bad. Plot, sfx, action sequence, choreography, it just sucks.)
- Triangle (2009) (time capsule, repeating events, similar to coherence, choices and alternating time lines. Plot is just incredibly obvious, you see it coming from miles away. As soon as you see the plot coming, it just becomes incredibly boring. Its meh.)
- Rain Man (1988) (Its an American classic, pop culture from old times like Forrest Gump. Autist, inheritance, asylum, comedy, vegas, card counting, even more autism)
- Harakiri (1964) (Edo period Japan, 17th century. Samurai, honor, vengance, 30 vs 1, hunting samurais, poverty, pestilence, comitting harakiri, family, scheming. Great movie, loved it.)
- Lawrence of Arabia (1962) (Its a classic, a damn classic. Arabia, arabs, tribal feud, desert life, politics, influence, ottoman, making friends and earning respect. Basically the story of English gentelemen who loved arabian culture, and wanted to unite arabs and give them a nation rathen than a nomadic lifestyle.)
- Dune 2 (2024) (Dune, sand, ze spice, lisan al-gaib, prophet, leadership. Pretty good. Can definately be watched couple of times. Some scenes are to be remembered for life. Though I still miss some scenes from the original movie from the past, it had some vibe to it. Wish they didn't focus this damn much on the relationship aspect, there were so much stuff to focus to. Actors did a marvelous job. Great movie. Glad I watched it in the theaters.)
- The World's Fastest Indian (2005) (New Zealand, USA, customs, kiwi, even more kiwi, oldie but goldie, breaking speed record, racing, making friends, chasing your dreams. Really good movie. Surprisingly I didn't even take break while watching it, it is somehow captivating.)
- Blue in the face (1995) (Brooklyn, tobacco culture, weirdos, clerk culture, tobacco shop, Harvey Keitel, belgian waffles. In many aspects, it reminded me of Clerks 1994. Whole movie feels like you're hanging around with your friends in the neighborhood. Its a good way to grasp American culture. Its alright.)
- Lawrence of Arabia (1962) (Now this is a timeless classic. Such class, elegance. Arabia, aqaba, uprising, revolt, derailing and attacking Ottoman trains, gaining independence, British, WW1, influencing, leading, integrating. This movie teaches about influencing people, winning people, making friends and gaining power. Watch it closely and learn about the oldest but strongest weapon: tongue. Main actor did a fabulous job. Some aspects had some hidden messages or hints, they were a bit ambiguous, I still think about it from time to time. Must watch, great movie.)
- From Paris with Love (2010) (France, embassy, USA, secret agent, generic action, heavy stereotypes. Bland, boring, uninteresting, subpar, lacking, below-average, dull, made for dim-wits. Not worth the time, at all.)
- The Kentucky Fried Movie (1977) (Short skits composed together, comedy, Detroit, more Detroit jokes, tv anchors, kung-fu. Its a mish mash of bits of American culture from 1990s. Some jokes are corny, some are decent. Satire comedy movie. It's OK, not that funny. NSFW.)
- The Mummy (1999) (Imhotep, Imhotep, Imhotep! Egypt, tomb raiding, akimbo, Brendan Fraser, mummy, resurection, love story, camels, mystic stuff, comedy. The scene where the beetle embeds itself under the skin and starts moving, truly unforgettable. It's a classic. I mean who doesn't love 90s-00s common actor layout: heroic, well built, handsome main character, beautiful woman he is in love with, dorky friend, a nemesis, and a jackass henchman. Like this is the staple, the signature composition for early 2000s, late 90s. Of course it seems so generic and overused now but then everybody knew about this movie. It is the reason a generation was raised to like akimbos, heroism, guns blazing, corny jokes, and tomb raiding. Looking back, it feels somewhat cliche, but I still enjoy it after all those years. Good movie.)
- Johnny English (2003) (Mr Bean as MI7 agent, queen abdicating, evil frenchman, incompetent agent. Dull, boring, tasteless, designated for quarter-wits, uninteresting, upright sloppy, unoriginal, didn't even break a single smile, I was stoic the whole time. Don't waste your time, terrible.)
- The Descent (2005) (Girl group, hiking, cave exploration, tomgirls, weird cave dwelling creatures, hidden tunnel networks. I mean it's alright, some scenes were full of gore. Some scenes were upright funny to be honest, or ridiculous. And the first 30-45 minutes are just waste of time, it could've been shortened to 5 minute sequence, it doesn't add anything much to the story. It's alright.)
- The Creator (2023) (AI, robots, synthetics, humans vs robots, nuclear, alternate timeline, controlling electronics remotely by mind, religious ai, USA, New Asia. Surprisingly good. Nowadays sci-fi is just trash, but this one is really decent. Not boring at all. Though narrative is a bit too cliche: "America bad, natives good". Visuals are impressive as well, and the atmosphere is spot-on. Impressive. Good movie)
- Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga (2024) (Mad Max universe, desert, scrappy vehicles, apocalyptic, vengeance, revenge, torture. I don't think it's as good as Fury Road but it's alright. Those same camera movements and signature effects that are in Fury Road is even more present in this movie. Some scenes were ridiciously full of CGI, it was annoying and distracting. Wish there wasn't this much digital effects, it kinda ruins it. Some really dumb story flows are present, as if they were trying to force a narrative or the connection to Fury Road. My man Rictus and his slightly smarter brother is also in the movie so that brings it up a notch. It's good.)
- Don't look up (2021) (Apocalypse, end of the world, comet, meteor, astronomy, incompetence, corruption, greed, stupidity, media influence, we live in a society etc etc. DiCaprio killed it, pretty good acting. Narrative & story is spectacular. The sudden momentary cuts to some abstract cutscenes just like you imagine something make it perfect, it is an interesting style, I liked this style. It's pretty realistic to be honest, as for how general public and people in power would react. Good movie)
- Ghost Dog: The Way of The Samurai (1999) (Assasin, ghetto, samurai culture, ghetto culture, Italians, mob, honor, code, loyalty. Basically a black guy reading and learning about the way of the samurai and embracing it, enacting it in every aspect of his life, meanwhile working as a hitman. Overall, the movie reminded me of Taxi Driver 1976. The POVs, driving around at night in empty streets, witnessing human condition, seeing the evil and wrong in the world, it is so similar in my eye. Movie also emphasizes on the art of absurdity, it is present throughout the movie; it brings a zest, a touch of reality to the movie, clearing the dark mood it otherwise would possess. Forest Whitaker did a fantastic job. Great movie, worth a rewatch.)
- Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic (2010) (hell, dante's hell/inferno, crusade, knight, descending in hell, devil, sin, grave sin, wife, cheating, vengance, redemption. A crusader finds his wife dead, descends into the hell to find her and redeem her soul. Pretty good, I enjoyed it a lot. Graphics are not the greatest but the voice acting is phenomenal)
- The Soldier (1998) (Kurt Russel, genetically modified soldiers, genetical enchanchement, clone soldiers, hard training, intensive training, no mercy, abandon. A line of soldiers are being replaced by genetically altered new line of soldiers claiming the new ones are superior in every aspect. But one soldier proves them wrong. It's good.)
- Dragged Across Concrete (2018) (cop culture, esprit de corps, cops being laid off, police brutality, Germans(?), professionals, absurd dialogues, multiple questions of morality , Mel Gibson, crooked cops, racism, slightly bad ending, wideeee shots, loooong dull scenes, direct violence with no hesitation. A Zahler classic. I enjoyed every aspect of the robbers, they were intriguing. Director certainly made the movie in his unique flavor, there is some sensation to it that I can't describe. Some scenes were memorable indeed. I think it is barely in exploitation cinema genre. Pretty good movie, I liked it, but you might be bored.)
- Knock Knock (2015) (two girls, family man, seduction, cheating, crazy, perfect family, being tied down, slight torture, Keanu Reeves, Ana de Armas. It is such a stupid and daft movie, I cannot even put it to words. How can a man not overpower two woman? How dense can you be, how gullible can one be? Imagine not having contingency plans. Story-wise terrible, acting horrendous, shots hideous. Only thing that could be said about this movie is: it is almost identical to a intro in an adult film. Even those two famous actors couldn't lift the bar for shit, and brotherman the the bar was the floor. Don't waste your time unless you're into blue-balling semi-adult movies. Terrible movie.)
- G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra (2009) (guns go brr, ninjas, explosions, stereotypical people, nanomite (wut?), American circle-jerk dream of being the hero of the day, France, USA. I mean it's the GI Joe, grandfather of generic action movies. Food movie.)
- G.I. Joe: Retaliation (2013) (guns go brr, ninjas, explosions, Dwayne Johnson, some weird tech to destroy the world plot. Lame. Food movie)
- Trap (2024) (Psycho, concert, serial killer, abduction, manipulation, psychopathy, famous, escape the police. Yet another psycho thriller. There were some catch and plot twists here and there. Ending was not that good but at least they didn't leave it at complete cliff hanger. Some face shots or portrait shots were a bit too excessive. Decent movie, I liked it a lot though. )
- The Killer (2023) (Assassin, killer, mercenary, contractor, OCD, psychopath, revenge, vengeance. Michael Fassbender killed it, like holy crap! I don't think they could've picked a better actor for this rule, his cold gaze fits greatly. Some contract killer failing a job and on the run, then goes after some people for revenge. Great movie.)
- Gandhi (1982) (India, Gandhi, Pakistan, Hindu, Muslim, Peace, WW2, independence, colony, Britain, British, politics, religion, nonviolence. Life of Gandhi. It's decent. )
- A Quiet Place: Day One (2024) (silence, high hearing ability aliens, quiet, alien invasion. It's definitely not as good as the first movie, it's a bit boring. It's meh.)
- Lincoln (2012) (Abraham Lincoln, USA, slavery, emancipation, civil war, confederation. Actor of Abraham Lincoln did a good job. Suspense during the ballot counting was nicely emphasized. Nice movie, but really hard to watch in one sitting, watch it in 3 sessions.)
- Passengers (2016) (Spaceship, colony, habitable planet, cryo sleep, long waiting, couple, spending years alone in a spaceship. Jennifer Lawrence's acting falls flatter than a sheet of paper, some other actress would've done it far better. Some loopholes to force the romantic narrative. It was OK.)
- Lion of the Desert (1981) (Libya, Italy, colony, imperialism, occupation, war, history, biography, independence, freedom, leadership, negotiation, guerilla, WW2, Mussolini. It's a movie about Omar Mukhtar who fought for the freedom of Libya and Bedouin, which was under the management of Italy at the time. Great movie.)
- Alien: Romulus (2024) (Alien franchise, synthetic, space, miner ship, colony, space colony. It was alright, it's an Alien movie after all so it is certainly watchable)
- Apocalypse Z: The Beginning of the End (2024) (Yet another meh zombie movie, nothing special, nothing stands out, a lot of useless fillers and drama to make it compelling but fails miserably. Food movie.)
- Gladiator 2 (2024) (Gladiator, Rome, arena, politics, blood & gore. So the movie really rose on the shoulders of the first movie, and the fantastic cast of actors. My man Denzel really carried this one, if it was someone else it would be really bad. A lot of filler scenes, change of directions frequently, some conversation and scene just simply didn't contribute to the plot. Plot itself was a bit dumb in my honest opinion. At least it is not as bad as I feared. Denzel really killed it with his character. Goodish movie. )
- Wall-E (2008) (Robot, apocalypse, trash, garbage, colony, space, spaceship, rampant capitalism. Rewatched it after years, still good. Easy to watch, good animation quality. It's from a time where Disney and Pixar produced decent animated movies. Family friendly, kids love it. Good movie.)
- Se7en (1995) (Sin, Dante's inferno, Seven deadly sins, Morgan Freeman, sad ending, evil wins, detective, cop culture, police. Rewatched this masterpiece. Goddamn it's good. Though it feels rushed after the first two sins, wish they extended the time length of the movie. Great movie. )
- Puss in Boots: The Last Wish (2022) (Animated, Disney, Dreamworks, family friendly, for kids. It was interesting and enjoyable to be honest, I didn't feel bored at all at any point. Narrative and the message is pretty good and clear. Good movie.)
- Sunshine (2007) (sci-fi, space, spaceship, sun, saving humanity, sacrifice, madness, crazy. Ok rewatched it, because the first time I found it quite funny. Once again, halfway through the movie I'm busting my ass laughing. All the screaming and death moments are ridiculous. Production is awful, some scenes and effects really made me feel like I'm watching a cinema undergrad's homework. Contains some filler scenes and background info, which doesn't contribute to anything. All'n all, it's good.)
* Heretic (2024) (Mormon, Christianity, religion, belief, non-believer, captive, imprison, suggestion skills, great speech. Holy cow, I wasn't expecting to watch a decent movie these days, it blew me off my socks. In essence, it's a psychopath roasting two Mormon girls and testing their faith. Like yeah that's about it, it's simply hours of roasting basically. It's like reading a redditor's ranting. Aside from the narrative and the story, main character's lines and the actor's delivery is phenomenal. Main actor carried the whole thing, without him it would be terrible. Just watch to witness great manipulation in action, body language and the art of deduction, marvelous work. Apart from that It's alright.)
* Seventh Seal (1957) (Crusade, knight, death, devil, charon, abstract, chess, Swedish. A knight returning from the crusades challenges death to a chess to settle. So the plot is incredible, acting is pretty good, but the story flow is kinda awful. Some messages are really abstract and difficult to grasp, might be worth rewatching it. Either way, I think it's a really good movie. )
* Into the wild (2007) (Hippie, more hippie stuff, exploring self, wilderness. Guy quits everything and goes exploring the country and himself. Meh, it's pretty average, didn't like it much.)
- Deadpool & Wolverine (2024) (Deadpool, wolverine, x-men, comedy, action. I liked the fact they mentioned or included many x-men characters. Jokes weren't that funny, kinda dull. Be prepared for a lot of corny jokes and witty sounding but not witty jokes. I liked the story and the action sequences. It's good.)
- The cabin in the woods (2012) (Creatures, monsters, overseeing, generic teenager group, murder. Group of generic teenagers go to a cabin in the woods for a spring break, while the whole thing is a organized sacrificial pact. It somewhat like a comedy at times. Not really great, only the concept is somewhat interesting. Food movie.)
- Wild Tales (2014) (multiple stories, asshole, jerk, vengeance, retribution, human condition, we live in a society yada yada. )
- The Mission (1986) (Jesuit, Catholic, Christianity, south america, natives, power dynamics, honor, test of faith. Guy finding religion after murdering his brother and dying for what he believes in, for one thing he once sought to destroy. Story is nice, sceneries are great. Overall, really good movie.)
- Venom: The Last Dance (2024) (Alien, symbiote, area 51, military, action, sci-fi.  Unoriginal, lame, whack story. Scientists were such whackos and insufferable, the writers are really good at making irritating characters, though I'm sure they didn't mean to do so. A lot of useless details and backstory which doesn't contribute to shit. CGI was OK. Overall, bad. Food movie. )
- Sonic 2 (2022) (Sonic universe, knuckles, tails. It's a kids movie IMHO. Animation wise it is good but the story and the plot sucks ass. Not good. )
- Sonic 3 (2024) (Sonic universe, knuckles, tails, shadow hedgehog. Shadow was the only likable character, rest has the depth of a cooking paper. I know it doesn't have to be logical but holy crap whole thing doesn't make any sense at all, just turn off your brain. Food movie, at best.  )
-  Platform (2019) (Greed, gluttony, Spanish, dystopia, experiment. Essentially it is one of those "we live in a society" bullcrap narrative movies, but this one somehow nailed it. It was "obvio" good. Good movie. Watched it for the second time )
- The Green Mile (1999) (Miracle, prison, jail, false allegation, kindness, sad ending. Yeah so it is one of those movies that can make a grown man cry. It is a great movie, hence the IMDB score. Characters have pretty good depth to them. Great movie. )
-  No Man's Land - Alien Fan Film (2024) (Alien franchise, Ottoman, Austrian, World War 1. For a short-film that is a fan-made Alien franchise spin-off, not bad. But it's a short movie so it sucks. )
- Phone booth (2002) (Yuppie, marksman, phone booth, threat, hostage, mastermind, playing with people, sociopath. The whole movie basically takes in the same street which is quite interesting, the antagonist has a charming voice and he plays/manipulates people. Good movie. )
- Hobbit movies (LOTR, war, dwarf, elf, orc, troll, ring, gold, riches, mountain. First movie is decent, second and the third has hideous CGI for whatever reason. Like those CGI were so bad it was etched into my eyeballs. I like this trilogy though, it's not bad. Glad Alfrid Lickspittle was in the movie, he brings a nice color to it. They kinda forced the comedy element every now and then. Trilogy actually contains some memorable scenes. There were some really dumb elements even for a fantasy setting. And that whole elf-dwarf thing, it sucked, they did my man Legolas dirty. Good movie/trilogy. )
- Yojimbo (1961) (Samurai, Japan, Black & white, honor, morality, making deal, switching side, manipulation. A ronin samurai who actually tries to do good but doesn't want to look good in people's eyes, playing both sides who are evil, until he destroys them all. Has decent comedy elements, not forced. Character has decent depth, memorable. Great movie.)
- Apocalypto (2006) (Jungle, native, primal, hunt, Aztec, Maya, Mesoamerica, fear, captive. It is pretty good, atmosphere is nailed nicely, has few memorable scenes, nice shooting techniques for it's time. Good movie.)
- Sanjuro (1962) (Samurai, Japan, Black & white, honor, morality, doing what's right. Almost identical to Yojimbo, besides it's the same period and I suppose the same director? Even the same actor with it. Character might also be the same. It's a sellsword ronin/samurai, helping a local warlord because of injustice and dishonor against him, he is joining with this lord's samurai's to save him from captivity and clean that lord's name. He is a good character but doesn't like being called so. Great movie.)
- Death Wish (2018) (Doctor, home invasion, burglar, murder, family, vigilante, justice. It's one of those good guy gone bad movies where a family guy seeks justice by being a vigilante, hunting bad people, because of police incompetency. It's a classic narrative, there are multiple movies in this regard, I think it's a cheap copy of those. It's kinda cliche. It's meh, food movie. )
- The 13th Warrior (1999) (Northmen, Scandinavia, paganism, arab, viking, folklore, village, defense, learning language, adaptation. Some arab emissary travels to north lands, meets a posse and joins them on a mission, learns their language and fight alongside them. It is a interesting story, nicely executed, no virtue signalling and stuff. Watched it for a second time. Ending was slightly rushed and some stuff are left unresolved though. Great movie.)
- Death Sentence (2007) (Family man, suburbs, crime, murder, justice, vigilante, home invasion, good guy goes bad and stuff. Family man seeks justice by being vigilante after his son is killed and no justice is served. Similar to Death Wish 2018. One quote close to the ending of the movie is phenomenal and life changing, other than that it's alright. Not bad, it's ok.)
- Parasite (2019) (Squatter, Korea, Class difference, poorness, poverty, con, conman, manipulation, taking advantage of, ripping-off, )
- Novocaine (2025) (Not being able to feel pain, action, saving gf, bank robbery, criminal, police. For me this feels like non-POV and bootleg version of 'Hardcore Henry', but it's worse than that. They copied so many elements from 'Hardcore Henry', the whole fake love story, adrenaline memes, not feeling pain and stuff. And the whole thing doesn't make sense one bit. Food movie.)
- Primal Fear (1996) (Murder, detective, law, lawyer, police, psychopath, manipulation, deception, pretending, court. Story about uncovering the truth behind a murder of a bishop. Edward Norton did a pretty decent job I would say. Pretty decent psychopath movie. I liked it. Good movie)
- Casino (1995) (Casino, gambling, management, boss, corruption, bribe, Las Vegas, stealing, family woes, betrayal, De Niro, leverage, upper hand, cheating. Decent movie. )
- Riding Bean (1989) (Animated, police, robbery, double-cross, criminal, action, flashy cars, chase, heat. It's one of them classic action animes. It's ok.)
- The killer (1989) (Police, assassin, hitman, crime, thriller, action, gun fu, Chinese, organized crime. It's very similar to Hard Boiled, and Golgo 13. This movie inspired ton of great movies in action genre. It is a staple gun-fu movie. It is one of those movies where every gun fires Dragon's breath incendiary rounds and every single thing simply just explodes when shot at. Great movie.)

### Watch later

- Conan the Barbarian (1982)
- Red Sonja (1985)
- She (1984)
- The 300 Spartans (1962)
- The Man Who Saw Tomorrow (1981)
- The Quiet Earth (1985)
- Phenomenon (1966)
- A walk in the sun (1945)
- Dark Angel (1990)
- Hidden figures (2016)
- Flash Gordon (1980)
- Jason and the Argonauts (1963)
- The Cheerleader (1973)
- 13 assasins
- Starship Troopers


